---
title: Osaka!
author: Scott
type: post
date: 2010-07-16T06:20:01+00:00
url: /2010/07/15/osaka/
categories:
  - Japan Trip 2010

---
_(The following post is from 2010. I imported my blog posts from my month long trip to Japan for posterity and to remember fondly!)_

Osaka Castle, Osaka Aquarium, Kobe

I visited Osaka for a few days and stayed at my stepmom&#8217;s friend, Naomi&#8217;s house. They have two kids, Kizuna, 4, and So, 2 years old.

They are really good kids, although really noisy! It had been 3 years since I saw Naomi last. I had a good time staying with them.

First thing I did in Osaka was visit Osaka Castle, which was another museum. It was really big, about 8 floors. There is lots of history with that castle. Most of the Castles in Japan were burned down and later restored. This is one of them.

I also went to Osaka Aquarium, which is one of the biggest aquariums in the world. It was really crowded but I had a good time. It&#8217;s crazy how they maintain those habitats. There aren&#8217;t too many pictures in the photo set because most of them didn&#8217;t turn out very good, but I took a lot of videos. If anyone is interested I can compile all of them and upload it. Just let me know.

On my last day there I went to Kobe. This city has both the sea port and the Rokko mountains in view. I have a couple of pictures where you can clearly see the Rokko mountain range.

My trip to Osaka was nice, and I really enjoyed spending time with Naomi and her family! I really look forward to the next time I can see them again.