---
title: OS X
author: Scott
type: post
date: 2016-04-12T22:56:10+00:00
url: /2016/04/12/os-x/
categories:
  - Technology

---
As most of you know, for most of my life I was very anti-Apple. The price difference between an Apple product and the rest of the competition struck me as insane. &#8220;I can get way better specs for that price!&#8221; I&#8217;d think to myself, if I wasn&#8217;t actively debating with someone.

This perception started to change when I got my first smartphone. It was a hand-me-down iPhone 3G from my father. Up until then I had used Motorola flip phones, but when I accidentally jumped in to the pool with my RAZR, my father shipped me his old iPhone and I suddenly had my first Apple product.

Fast forward to about 10 years later and I&#8217;m a proud owner of an iPhone 6, and more recently a refurbished Macbook Air. This Air has been my first foray into the world of OS X, and while being a Windows user for my of my life meant there was definitely a bit of a learning curve in order to feel at home using the new OS, I am now a firm believer of the quality inherent in Apple products and the price jump is much more palatable to me.

When you buy Apple, you&#8217;re paying overhead for the design and insane amount of thought that goes into the engineering and design of both the software and the hardware that works together so well. You wont feel like you &#8216;cheaped out&#8217; with a Mac (your bank account after the purchase definitely wont allow that) and you will have top-of-the-line support for a product that will most definitely outlast whatever other second-string &#8216;comparable&#8217; product you might have considered before deciding on the Mac.

Yes, the developer features are a little harder to unearth but they are there. You&#8217;ll have to figure it out as they wont always be super obvious but if you&#8217;re really into developing this process will not be new to you.

Don&#8217;t get me wrong; I love my Microsoft OS&#8217;s. Especially Windows 10. But with my Macbook Air I&#8217;m just a couple clicks away from remoting into my Windows machines from my Mac. After working from Windows machine all day, it&#8217;s nice to come home to a machine that boots back up within a second, light as a feather with great gesture controls, all from the comfort of my couch.

I could gush more about how much I love this fine piece of technology but this post has already become far too long!